https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-13074 (#7311)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: release_notes/acm_whats_new.adoc

* Command line interface (CLI) downloads are now available in the console, which are available from the `acm-cli` container image and are specified with the operating system and architecture. See link:../console/console.adoc#command-line-tools[Command line tools] to access command line interface (CLI) downloads, such as the `PolicyGenerator` and `policytools`.

> * View more information about your cluster when you enable the _Fleet view_ switch. Many summary cards are redesigned, such as _Cluster_, _Application types_, _Policies_, and _Cluster versions_ cards. Additionally, many new summary cards are available, such as _Cluster version_, _Nodes_, _Cluster recommendations_, _Cluster health_, and _Personalized view of your resources_. See the numerous changes to summary cards in the product console.

Reviewer: Since this is just to highlight the summary cards I think this is what we want to add:
`View more information about your cluster when you enable the _Fleet view_ switch. Many summary cards are redesigned, such as _Cluster_, _Application types_,  _Policies_, and _Nodes_ cards. Additionally, there are two new summary cards are available,  _Cluster version_, and _Worker core count_. See the numerous changes to summary cards in the product console.`

These are the 6 summary cards for reference:
![Screenshot 2024-12-05 at 11 34 14 AM](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5496770b-dbe3-4eb6-8d56-c6743d5c96e8)

> * View more information about your cluster when you enable the _Fleet view_ switch. Many summary cards are redesigned, such as _Cluster_, _Application types_, _Policies_, and _Cluster versions_ cards. Additionally, many new summary cards are available, such as _Cluster version_, _Nodes_, _Cluster recommendations_, _Cluster health_, and _Personalized view of your resources_. See the numerous changes to summary cards in the product console.

Author: ```suggestion
* View more information about your cluster when you enable the _Fleet view_ switch. Many summary cards are redesigned, such as _Cluster_, _Application types_, _Policies_, and _Nodes_ cards. Additionally, there are two new summary cards available, such as _Cluster version_ and _Worker core count_. See the numerous changes to summary cards in the product console.
```
